Add fallback romanization accuracy rule to RC (#5772)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/en.md

  - Mandarin metadata must be romanised using the Hanyu Pinyin system.
  - Cantonese metadata must be romanised by using the Jyutping system.
  - If the song falls into neither category, this choice is left up to the mapper's discretion and contacting a native speaker is recommended.

> - **Metadata in other languages not specifically covered in this section and lacking an official romanization from the artist must use a system common and recognizable for the language.** Contacting a native speaker is recommended to ensure accuracy in these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Metadata in other languages not specifically covered in this section and lacking official romanisation from the artist must use a system common and recognisable for the language.** Contacting a native speaker is recommended to ensure accuracy in these cases.
```
